So it created a new project called Movie App, so we are going to emulate some sort of a movie application.
The idea here is to keep learning more about composed layouts, compose functions in so many other things
that will help us get to where we want to get, which is to build modern, scalable and clean applications.
We are going to restructure everything.
Let's go back to code for now.
Let's create a composable function here to organize everything at composable.
And then this is going to be fun.
My app as such.
OK, so this my app here, I'm going to pass a content at composable here and is going to return in
this case, a unit.
So it returns nothing.
This is what we call container functions.
As you can see, it's a function we're passing here, annotated at composable returns, something we
pass nothing also, which will allow us then to call my app and pass and accomplish what we want.
So just since we're here, I'm going to just take all of this inside of a our said content and put inside
there.
And for now, I'm just going to get rid of this entirely, as well as that as well as everything inside
here.
Let's just get rid of all of this.
And so inside here, we're just going to call content as such.
So somewhere else, I can create another function compose function that composable and then when I say
fun.
And say my let's just say, main content as such, then we can also pass something and then here I can
just say text, for instance, that says hello.
And now we have our content there so I can literally call my app such and pass the content, the content
I want to pass.
Is this in this case, let's say main main content as such, and we can do the same thing so we can
have a default preview here.
Get rid of all that.
Just call my app.
It's a main content, right?
We switch back here and refresh, hopefully going to see.
The same thing, let's get rid of all of this, we don't need that.
And hello, it's showing there, so nothing really out of this world, but we can see everything is
good.
So since the inside of main content, they can actually pass a surface as we had before.
Get all of that, just the text put inside there, and it's a background, colour or color.
In this case, I'm going to say material, theme color, and I'm going to get background color like
that.
So this is what we had before, and I can't get rid of all that import because we don't need that.
Okay, let's go ahead and refresh again.
All right.
So we don't see a lot of difference, but there we go.
We can now create the sizes for a surface and whatever we want.
So now that we have a simple structure of the project, we can start playing with a few concepts.
So Android applications, they tend to have a certain look that is advisable by Google that allows us
to create more or less uniform user interfaces.
So I'm talking about material design.
Material design is a new paradigm UI or a user interface design that allows us to create a very clean
structure.
There is this one structure called scaffold, which is part of material design layout, which implements
the basic material design visual layout structure.
So what is a scaffold?
So scaffold?
Let's go back to our my app here.
I'm going to show you real quick.
So we started my app, which has been called inside of a set content, which means we will have this
trailing lamp to there and we can pass any other function, composable function that is that will create
a user interface.
OK.
So inside here, I'm going to get rid of this content for now.
So instead of all the material app theme, I'm going to say something like this.
Let's write a sketch.
You can see we have this function.
If you have over and scroll up, you can see the scaffold composable.
Function, in fact, you can pass modifier and all sorts of things, so let's click like that and we
have.
And you see you can Pat and you see you have the lambada there.
Let's pass a few parameters again.
If you have over ill-conceived scuffled with pass, modify or scaffold state of top bar, we have a
lot of parameters or arguments in this case that we can pass.
Let's start with a few.
The first one let's have over again.
We're going to pass the top bar.
OK, I see top bar as such.
Notice that it accepts a lambda as well.
So I'm going to just go ahead and put a lambda section.
So what happens inside of a top bar?
Well, so inside here.
So inside of a tab bar, we can pass another.
Another function, another composable function that it's provided to us.
So it's called the top bar or top up bar.
All right.
As the name implies, this allows us to create a top says here.
Material design top app bar The top app bar displays information and actions related to the current
screen.
Very handy.
We don't have to do all of that from scratch.
So in our top app bar, we can pass a few parameters, right?
Scrap over and pass modifier.
What's new?
Background, color, content, color and of course, we can pass the contents of this top bar as well.
OK.
Very handy.
So I'm going to start with background color and they say colors, let's use magenta for now, and let's
pass something else here.
Let's see elevation.
Say five deep.
Let's import deep and inside of these top bar.
I'm going to for now, I'm just going to go ahead and just pass a text that see movies like that.
Let's go ahead and refresh.
And you can see.
We have this nice top bar that.
We were given for free, pretty much.
I can go ahead and pass content.
However, because we know content, if you have over scaffold, we know that scaffold content argument
here is Celeste and its last parameter and is a composable.
That means it's also can be also called as such.
OK, so here I can just go ahead and say content, whatever we are passing through our my app compose,
which of course they've been called here and we are passing my content, which is all of this.
Not much, but that.
So now if I refresh this.
We can see we have hello, which is inside of our very nice scaffold there.
Scaffold is very important, as you see it gives us the structure, the skeleton that we need to start
building material design focused.
And if you have over again, this is really important.
Whenever in doubt, you will notice that there are a lot of things we can pass as arguments.
You can pass content, color, background, color draw, you can pass the draw, background, color
or shape and so many, so many other things.
Most importantly, you can also pass floating actions buttons.
These are the buttons that you can see.
As the name implies, we can pass them around here, usually at sea.
So it's usually a circle.
You can, of course, change the shape, but it's usually a circle you'll see and it's floating, meaning
it's at the top of the view.
So a lot of things we can do here, but at least so far, I can see that we have this structure that
allows us to have a skeleton where we can put together the application.